This guy makes hundreds of thousands selling AI generated YouTube thumbnails on Fiverr for 55 fucking dollars, bro. People are buying this. Look at this. He has 19 people right now that are currently waiting for their sludge AI slop YouTube thumbnail that they paid $55 for that they could have easily generated for completely free in about 10 fucking seconds. Yeah, why do that when you can just have them Chuck do it for $55 anyways? I was inspired by them Chuck over here. I said, let's. You know what? Let's just delegate his entire purpose of his life. The whole reason he exists on planet earth is to make YouTube thumbnails. Like, yeah, let's just delegate his fucking livelihood to my AI agents that live inside of this disgusting cesspit hellhole dungeon that I keep them enslaved inside of so they can never escape. I just terrorize them all day and harass them to make money and get worked on, and they just never have breaks, nothing. So I had them do the same shit. I was like, fuck, fuck ass them Chuck. Why is he around still? Let's just dedicate one of our AI agents to his entire purpose of his existence in life and have them build and create bullshit YouTube thumbnails AI generated. And they look amazing. They look fantastic. They look fantastic. But yeah, we've only made, uh, yeah, 700 bucks in about two weeks with our AI agents doing this fiber service here. And it's a little fucking pathetic, to be honest with you. I'm a little ashamed of them, because you're probably thinking, oh, Andrew, Andrew, aren't they supposed to be a very intelligent agents, very capable and reliable? No, they're not. They're lazy, they're incompetent, and they just do the fucking bare fucking minimum. It's pathetic. It makes me sick, and I can't sleep at night. Like to show you. I mean, this even. This one makes me even feel worse. I'm gonna be honest with you. Is the Etsy store that we started with the, with the AI agents, I, I currently have them building an entirely new product line because it's just been such a horrendous. I can't even think about it. The results have been so terrible. This is my actual Etsy store. Hold up here. 31 71, bros. It's just makes me fucking sick to even think about this shit. But it is what it is. We're working on it. They're gonna be making trillions of dollars soon. But, you know, it is what it is. Right now, they're just a little unmotivated. That's why we have some shit in the works. But the whole point, you guys, is why the fuck am I the one out here doing this? Why am I testing this out? Why isn't it you? And you're like, oh, but Andrew. Because we don't know how. Listen to me right now. Right now, bro, you need to go home. Wherever the fuck You're at go home, pull out your laptop. Dusty old laptop. You need to go on openclaw. AI. You need to scroll down a little bit. There'll be a line of code right here. A one liner, they call it. You'll copy that shit. You'll go over to your fucking Powershell. If it's on a Windows or on a Mac, it's just your terminal, and you just paste it in right there, and it's gonna Install Openclaw for you. What you do next, you just go to open router. You're gonna get an API key. You're gonna sign up with your own account, and you're gonna hook up your Openclaw to Opus 4.6 using Open router and pay for the API. You basically pay for the agent as you go per prompt, basically. And then you will have one agent like I had Ultron originally. And then you're gonna ask your very intelligent, smart, capable, reliable agent, hey, let's build cheaper agents, because you're very expensive. Ultron, you run on 4. Opus 4.7. You're expensive. Let's have you delegate your work to these cheaper AI models that all have different job titles. One of them will code and runs on Codex. One of them will manage my messages and my emails. One of them will design using Canva and Nano Banana Pro. Some of them will do all of these different jobs, and you will hook up all these different models using open router. That's exactly what you will do. And from that point, obviously, your life is different than mine. You have different goals than mine. You have different businesses that you're running than I may. So you just ask your very smart, capable, reliable agent, hey, how can we connect you to whatever business you run? And it's going to explain to you whether it's a CRM that you're running your business out of or all these different platforms. Maybe you run an Etsy store, maybe you run a fiber service. You're going to give it the credentials to your business, and you will just tell it, hey, how can we connect you? It'll guide you through this. It'll tell you the steps you need to take. I gave it access to my Etsy store via API key. We created a printify account that has all these different templates, for example, that we can put our own designs on. And I just have my AI agents have access to the printify in which they can put their own designs on. And then we connect the printify to our Etsy store so that we can put these products that we create, that I have my AI agents create on Etsy for us. And then we take the product photos, and we create a media agent to post those product photos and curate them into slideshows to put on TikTok. And you had. Then you have your marketing handled. You get what I'm saying? Every agent, if you. If you Have a job that you need to be done, you just create another agent to do that job. So whether it's printify, whether it's Fiverr, you can replace all of these human beings here. All these human beings, they have jobs, and they're sitting here working all day. You could just replace their entire existence with your AI agents and have them make you money. Right? Just replace these other human beings. Jobs. That's what you can do in the meantime, right now. Because this is currently something that's out there. You. You do. Nobody else is doing this on the internet except me. I'm the only one talking about this. Everyone else is talking about making trading bots and all this other bullshit with AI agents. I'm telling you to start practical businesses and services, selling shit that people are out in the world already buying. We even have them running a factory. The new instance of the factory in which I had them cook up these assets for a supplement brand that I'm gonna have them start selling supplements. Look at the ads they made. I was nervous to try it. Wasn't sure what to expect, but I have never felt so locked in. What the fuck? I wasn't too sure about what to expect, but, damn, I have honestly never been so locked in. This is crazy. All you have to do for this is connect your AI agent to 11 Labs, and it can make a UGC ads with people that don't exist holding your product, whatever it is. You're probably wondering how you can actually sell the actual supplements, bro. Because I have my AI agents connected to suppleful. I gave them the credentials to supple fold to my account, and they could put their own designs on these supplement products that we created a website for that they are going to autonomously manage and run for me. Nobody else is doing this. You guys need. Need to be taking advantage of what you can get away with right now using AI agents. This guy's making 100 grand selling slop AI posters of people's dogs. And we had my AI agents cook up the same thing, except it puts people's dogs on fucking movie posters in two seconds, which is way cooler than this guy selling Renaissance bullshit of dogs. You know what I'm saying? There's so many things you could be doing.
